ALSO, AOC CLAPPING BACK TONIGHT AS THE RIGHT LAUNCHES NEW
AS THE RIGHT LAUNCHES NEW ATTACKS ON HER.
ATTACKS ON HER. BUT WE BEGIN WITH THE DEMOCRATS’
BUT WE BEGIN WITH THE DEMOCRATS’ NEW WARNING TO DONALD TRUMP’S
NEW WARNING TO DONALD TRUMP’S NEW ATTORNEY GENERAL BILL BARR.
NEW ATTORNEY GENERAL BILL BARR. THEY’RE TELLING HIM, LOOK,
THEY’RE TELLING HIM, LOOK, EITHER HAND OVER MUELLER’S
EITHER HAND OVER MUELLER’S REPORT WHEN IT’S READY, OR
REPORT WHEN IT’S READY, OR THEY’LL HOLD HEARINGS WITH
THEY’LL HOLD HEARINGS WITH MUELLER HIMSELF.
MUELLER HIMSELF. >> WELL, WE WILL OBVIOUSLY
>> WELL, WE WILL OBVIOUSLY SUBPOENA THE REPORT.
SUBPOENA THE REPORT. WE’LL BRING BOB MUELLER IN TO
WE’LL BRING BOB MUELLER IN TO TESTIFY BEFORE CONGRESS.
TESTIFY BEFORE CONGRESS. WE WILL TAKE TO IT COURT IF
WE WILL TAKE TO IT COURT IF NECESSARY.
NECESSARY. AND IN THE END, I THINK THE
AND IN THE END, I THINK THE DEPARTMENT UNDERSTANDS THEY’RE
DEPARTMENT UNDERSTANDS THEY’RE GOING TO HAVE TO MAKE THIS
GOING TO HAVE TO MAKE THIS PUBLIC.
PUBLIC. I THINK BARR WILL ULTIMATELY
I THINK BARR WILL ULTIMATELY UNDERSTAND THAT AS WELL.
UNDERSTAND THAT AS WELL. >> THESE NEW MUELLER SUBPOENA
>> THESE NEW MUELLER SUBPOENA THREATS COME AFTER SHIFTS IN KEY
THREATS COME AFTER SHIFTS IN KEY OTHER HOUSE COMMITTEES ALREADY
OTHER HOUSE COMMITTEES ALREADY TOLD THE ATTORNEY GENERAL BARR
TOLD THE ATTORNEY GENERAL BARR THAT THEY WANT THIS REPORT TO BE
THAT THEY WANT THIS REPORT TO BE MADE PUBLIC WITHOUT DELAY.
MADE PUBLIC WITHOUT DELAY. THIS IS PART OF WHAT HAS VERY
THIS IS PART OF WHAT HAS VERY CLEARLY BECOME AN EFFORT TO
CLEARLY BECOME AN EFFORT TO RATCHET UP PUBLIC PRESSURE ON
RATCHET UP PUBLIC PRESSURE ON BILL BARR BEFORE THIS WHOLE
BILL BARR BEFORE THIS WHOLE THING IS EVEN WRAPPED UP.
THING IS EVEN WRAPPED UP. ON FRIDAY, HE ALSO GAVE HIS OWN
ON FRIDAY, HE ALSO GAVE HIS OWN HINT OF HOW HE MIGHT HANDLE ALL
HINT OF HOW HE MIGHT HANDLE ALL THIS PRESSURE WITH THAT UNUSUAL
THIS PRESSURE WITH THAT UNUSUAL LATE FRIDAY ANNOUNCEMENT FROM
LATE FRIDAY ANNOUNCEMENT FROM THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT ALL ABOUT
THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT ALL ABOUT MUELLERER END GAME.
MUELLERER END GAME. HE PUT OUT OFFICIALLY THAT THE
HE PUT OUT OFFICIALLY THAT THE REPORT WOULD NOT COME THIS WEEK.
REPORT WOULD NOT COME THIS WEEK. TRANSLATION, BOB MUELLER KEEP
TRANSLATION, BOB MUELLER KEEP WORKING THROUGH THIS WEEK.
WORKING THROUGH THIS WEEK. THIS IS STRIKING, BECAUSE
THIS IS STRIKING, BECAUSE REMEMBER, WE BARELY HEARD
REMEMBER, WE BARELY HEARD ANYTHING ABOUT THE MUELLER
ANYTHING ABOUT THE MUELLER PROBE.
PROBE. THIS IS BILL BARR’S DOJ NOW, AND
THIS IS BILL BARR’S DOJ NOW, AND HE IS AT LEAST WILLING TO GIVE
HE IS AT LEAST WILLING TO GIVE THE PUBLIC A HINT ABOUT THE
THE PUBLIC A HINT ABOUT THE TIMING MUELLER HAS AND ALSO ALL
TIMING MUELLER HAS AND ALSO ALL OF THIS RAISES THE POSSIBILITY
OF THIS RAISES THE POSSIBILITY THAT THE DEMOCRATS WILL PUSH
THAT THE DEMOCRATS WILL PUSH BACK BY FORCING HIS HAND, BY
BACK BY FORCING HIS HAND, BY SAYING IN ADVANCE, LOOK, WE’LL
SAYING IN ADVANCE, LOOK, WE’LL SUBPOENA HIM, MAKING THIS WHOLE
SUBPOENA HIM, MAKING THIS WHOLE MUELLER REPORT DEBATE SOMEWHAT
MUELLER REPORT DEBATE SOMEWHAT MOOT, THAT IS IF THEY CAN GET
MOOT, THAT IS IF THEY CAN GET THE INNARDS OF WHAT WOULD BE IN
THE INNARDS OF WHAT WOULD BE IN THE REPORT OUT OF WHAT THEY
THE REPORT OUT OF WHAT THEY THINK MUELLER WOULD TESTIFY TO.
THINK MUELLER WOULD TESTIFY TO. NOW, PUT ALL THAT AGAINST THE
NOW, PUT ALL THAT AGAINST THE BACKDROP OF BOB MUELLER HIMSELF.
BACKDROP OF BOB MUELLER HIMSELF. IF YOU’RE WATCHING THE NEWS, YOU
IF YOU’RE WATCHING THE NEWS, YOU ALREADY KNOW HE HAS ALWAYS
ALREADY KNOW HE HAS ALWAYS CHOSEN TO BE MORE DISCREET
CHOSEN TO BE MORE DISCREET RATHER THAN LESS, EVERY TIME
RATHER THAN LESS, EVERY TIME ANYTHING HAS COME UP.
ANYTHING HAS COME UP. MORE DISCREET THAN WAS LEGALLY
MORE DISCREET THAN WAS LEGALLY REQUIRED.
REQUIRED. NOW, IF CONGRESS SUBPOENAS HIM
NOW, IF CONGRESS SUBPOENAS HIM AND MUELLER DECIDES THAT HE DOES
AND MUELLER DECIDES THAT HE DOES WANT TO SHARE DETAILS BECAUSE
WANT TO SHARE DETAILS BECAUSE THE INVESTIGATION IS OVER, YOU
THE INVESTIGATION IS OVER, YOU CAN JUST IMAGINE THE SPECTACLE
CAN JUST IMAGINE THE SPECTACLE WE WOULD HAVE.
WE WOULD HAVE. YOU LOOK AT THE PRECEDENTS HERE,
YOU LOOK AT THE PRECEDENTS HERE, AND THERE ARE SOME.
AND THERE ARE SOME. IT WAS WATERGATE SPECIAL
IT WAS WATERGATE SPECIAL PROSECUTOR ARCHIBALD COX WHO
PROSECUTOR ARCHIBALD COX WHO TOOK HIS REPORT PUBLIC AT A KEY
TOOK HIS REPORT PUBLIC AT A KEY INFLECTION POINT IN THAT PROBE.
INFLECTION POINT IN THAT PROBE. HE WANTED TO EXPLAIN WHY THE
HE WANTED TO EXPLAIN WHY THE NIXON WHITE HOUSE WAS IN HIS
NIXON WHITE HOUSE WAS IN HIS VIEW WRONG TO FIGHT HIM ON
VIEW WRONG TO FIGHT HIM ON REQUESTS FOR DOCUMENTATION AND
REQUESTS FOR DOCUMENTATION AND TAPES.
TAPES. THERE WAS ALSO WHEN KEN STARR
THERE WAS ALSO WHEN KEN STARR FAMOUSLY USED A PUBLIC
FAMOUSLY USED A PUBLIC APPEARANCE, THIS ONE MORE LIKE
APPEARANCE, THIS ONE MORE LIKE WHAT SCHIFF IS TALKING ABOUT,
WHAT SCHIFF IS TALKING ABOUT, FACING CONGRESS TO TALK ABOUT
FACING CONGRESS TO TALK ABOUT HIS CASE AGAINST THE THEN
HIS CASE AGAINST THE THEN SITTING PRESIDENT, SAYING THAT
SITTING PRESIDENT, SAYING THAT BILL CLINTON HAD REPEATEDLY
BILL CLINTON HAD REPEATEDLY LIED.
LIED. >> AT LEAST SIX DIFFERENT
>> AT LEAST SIX DIFFERENT OCCASIONS, THE PRESIDENT HAD TO
OCCASIONS, THE PRESIDENT HAD TO MAKE A DECISION.
MAKE A DECISION. HE COULD CHOOSE TRUTH OR HE
HE COULD CHOOSE TRUTH OR HE COULD CHOOSE DECEPTION.
COULD CHOOSE DECEPTION. >> MUELLER, THOUGH, NO STRANGER
>> MUELLER, THOUGH, NO STRANGER TO TESTIFYING BEFORE CONGRESS.
TO TESTIFYING BEFORE CONGRESS. AND HE HAS ALWAYS USED HIS
AND HE HAS ALWAYS USED HIS CERTAIN MUELLERESQUE STYLE WHEN
CERTAIN MUELLERESQUE STYLE WHEN ASKED TO PREVIEW WHERE
ASKED TO PREVIEW WHERE INVESTIGATIONS MIGHT LEAD.
INVESTIGATIONS MIGHT LEAD. >> I WILL PULL NO PUNCHES IN
>> I WILL PULL NO PUNCHES IN TERMS OF WHERE THAT
TERMS OF WHERE THAT INVESTIGATION WOULD LEAD, AND WE
INVESTIGATION WOULD LEAD, AND WE WOULD GO DOWN ANY PATH THAT
WOULD GO DOWN ANY PATH THAT WOULD LEAD TO EVIDENCE ON
WOULD LEAD TO EVIDENCE ON INDIVIDUALS, ORGANIZATIONS OR
INDIVIDUALS, ORGANIZATIONS OR OTHERWISE.
OTHERWISE. >> ANY PATH THAT WAS MUELLER
>> ANY PATH THAT WAS MUELLER DESCRIBING A DIFFERENT PROBE.
DESCRIBING A DIFFERENT PROBE. BUT WE KNOW THE PATH ON THIS ONE
BUT WE KNOW THE PATH ON THIS ONE ALREADY HAS LED TO 37
ALREADY HAS LED TO 37 INDICTMENTS, INCLUDING OF SIX
INDICTMENTS, INCLUDING OF SIX DIFFERENT AIDES TO DONALD TRUMP.
DIFFERENT AIDES TO DONALD TRUMP. NOW WHETHER THAT PATH INCLUDED
NOW WHETHER THAT PATH INCLUDED COLLUSION OR FALSE LEADS ON
COLLUSION OR FALSE LEADS ON COLLUSION OR GOOD LEADS ON
COLLUSION OR GOOD LEADS ON COLLUSION, EVERYBODY WANTS TO
COLLUSION, EVERYBODY WANTS TO KNOW, AND VERY FEW PEOPLE
KNOW, AND VERY FEW PEOPLE OBVIOUSLY DO KNOW.
OBVIOUSLY DO KNOW. NOW IF THIS TRUMP DOJ TRIES TO
NOW IF THIS TRUMP DOJ TRIES TO BURY ANYTHING, THE KEY NEWS
BURY ANYTHING, THE KEY NEWS TONIGHT IS DEMOCRATS ARE SAYING
TONIGHT IS DEMOCRATS ARE SAYING THEY’LL CALL MUELLER HIMSELF TO
THEY’LL CALL MUELLER HIMSELF TO TELL THE WORLD WHAT HE FOUND ON
TELL THE WORLD WHAT HE FOUND ON THIS PATH.
THIS PATH. I WANT TO BRING IN TWO EXPERTS
I WANT TO BRING IN TWO EXPERTS ON THIS, FORMER FEDERAL
ON THIS, FORMER FEDERAL PROSECUTOR JOYCE VANCE AND THE
PROSECUTOR JOYCE VANCE AND THE ATLANTIC’S DAVID FRUM WHO SERVED
ATLANTIC’S DAVID FRUM WHO SERVED IN THE WHITE HOUSE AS A SPEECH
IN THE WHITE HOUSE AS A SPEECH WRITER.
WRITER. JOYCE, HOW DO YOU READ WHAT THE
JOYCE, HOW DO YOU READ WHAT THE CONGRESS IS DOING HERE TO TRY TO
CONGRESS IS DOING HERE TO TRY TO PUT SOME PARAMETERS AROUND ANY
PUT SOME PARAMETERS AROUND ANY DECISION BILL BARR MAKES?
DECISION BILL BARR MAKES? >> CONGRESS IS ABSOLUTELY RIGHT
>> CONGRESS IS ABSOLUTELY RIGHT HERE.
HERE. AND I FIND REPRESENTATIVE
AND I FIND REPRESENTATIVE SCHIFF’S COMMENTS TO BE VERY
SCHIFF’S COMMENTS TO BE VERY PERSUASIVE.
PERSUASIVE. IN THE NORMAL CASE, WHEN DOJ
IN THE NORMAL CASE, WHEN DOJ DOESN’T INDICT SOMEONE WHO IS
DOESN’T INDICT SOMEONE WHO IS UNDER INVESTIGATION, IT’S
UNDER INVESTIGATION, IT’S BECAUSE THEY DON’T HAVE
BECAUSE THEY DON’T HAVE SUFFICIENT EVIDENCE TO SUSTAIN
SUFFICIENT EVIDENCE TO SUSTAIN THOSE CHARGES IN COURT.
THOSE CHARGES IN COURT. THAT’S THE ASSUMPTION THAT WE
THAT’S THE ASSUMPTION THAT WE CAN ALL DRAW WHEN A MAYOR OR A
CAN ALL DRAW WHEN A MAYOR OR A SENATOR WHO IS UNDER
SENATOR WHO IS UNDER INVESTIGATION ISN’T INDICTED.
INVESTIGATION ISN’T INDICTED. THAT’S JUST NOT TRUE WITH DONALD
THAT’S JUST NOT TRUE WITH DONALD TRUMP.
TRUMP. IF HE’S NOT INDICTED, THE BEST
IF HE’S NOT INDICTED, THE BEST WE’LL BE ABLE TO SAY IS BECAUSE
WE’LL BE ABLE TO SAY IS BECAUSE DOJ POLICY SAYS HE CAN’T BE
DOJ POLICY SAYS HE CAN’T BE INDICTED.
INDICTED. CONGRESS IS THE ONE WHO HAS TO
CONGRESS IS THE ONE WHO HAS TO MAKE THAT DECISION ABOUT WHETHER
MAKE THAT DECISION ABOUT WHETHER THERE IS ACCOUNTABILITY.
THERE IS ACCOUNTABILITY. THEY NEED THE EVIDENCE THAT’S
THEY NEED THE EVIDENCE THAT’S BEEN COLLECTED BY MUELLER TO
BEEN COLLECTED BY MUELLER TO FULFILL THEIR CONSTITUTIONAL
FULFILL THEIR CONSTITUTIONAL OBLIGATION.
OBLIGATION. >> RIGHT.
>> RIGHT. AND THAT’S WHERE THE LIMITS OF
AND THAT’S WHERE THE LIMITS OF THE STARR PRECEDENT ARE, BECAUSE
THE STARR PRECEDENT ARE, BECAUSE HE WAS OPERATING UNDER DIFFERENT
HE WAS OPERATING UNDER DIFFERENT RULES THAT HAD A MORE FORMAL
RULES THAT HAD A MORE FORMAL TRANSMISSION TO CONGRESS ON THE
TRANSMISSION TO CONGRESS ON THE IDEA THAT THEY WOULD DEAL WITH
IDEA THAT THEY WOULD DEAL WITH ANYTHING THEY DEEMED A HIGH
ANYTHING THEY DEEMED A HIGH CRIME.
CRIME. THE DISTINCTION YOU DRAW IS
THE DISTINCTION YOU DRAW IS QUITE SIGNIFICANT.
QUITE SIGNIFICANT. ROD ROSENSTEIN WAS SORT OF
ROD ROSENSTEIN WAS SORT OF DANCING AROUND IT WHEN HE SPOKE
DANCING AROUND IT WHEN HE SPOKE ABOUT THE NORMAL RULES FOR
ABOUT THE NORMAL RULES FOR NONPRESIDENTS, SHALL WE SAY
NONPRESIDENTS, SHALL WE SAY THIS.
THIS. WAS JUST TODAY.
WAS JUST TODAY. TAKE A LOOK.
TAKE A LOOK. >> THE GUIDANCE ALWAYS GAVE MY
>> THE GUIDANCE ALWAYS GAVE MY PROSECUTORS AND THE AGENTS I
PROSECUTORS AND THE AGENTS I WORKED WITH DURING MY TENURE ON
WORKED WITH DURING MY TENURE ON THE FRONT LINES OF LAW
THE FRONT LINES OF LAW ENFORCEMENT WERE IF WE AREN’T
ENFORCEMENT WERE IF WE AREN’T PREPARED TO PROVE OUR CASE
PREPARED TO PROVE OUR CASE BEYOND A REASONABLE DOUBT IN
BEYOND A REASONABLE DOUBT IN OPEN COURT, THEN WE AREN’T
OPEN COURT, THEN WE AREN’T PREPARED TO MAKE ALLEGATIONS
PREPARED TO MAKE ALLEGATIONS AGAINST U.S. CITIZENS.
AGAINST U.S. CITIZENS. >> WHAT’S YOUR SENSE?
>> WHAT’S YOUR SENSE? >> I THINK THE DILEMMA OF BEING
>> I THINK THE DILEMMA OF BEING ROD ROSENSTEIN RIGHT NOW IS NO
ROD ROSENSTEIN RIGHT NOW IS NO MATTER WHAT YOU SAY PEOPLE ARE
MATTER WHAT YOU SAY PEOPLE ARE GOING TO READ WHAT ITS TEA
GOING TO READ WHAT ITS TEA LEAVES FOR THE MUELLER
LEAVES FOR THE MUELLER INVESTIGATION ARE.
INVESTIGATION ARE. IT SOUNDS LIKE ME ROD IS SIMPLY
IT SOUNDS LIKE ME ROD IS SIMPLY STATING THE FUNDAMENTAL
STATING THE FUNDAMENTAL PRINCIPLE THAT ANIMATES ALL
PRINCIPLE THAT ANIMATES ALL PROSECUTIONS.
PROSECUTIONS. I DON’T THINK HE HAD SOME
I DON’T THINK HE HAD SOME MESSAGE ABOUT THE MUELLER
MESSAGE ABOUT THE MUELLER INVESTIGATION THERE.
INVESTIGATION THERE. WE ALL KNOW HE REACTED VERY
WE ALL KNOW HE REACTED VERY STRONGLY TO JIM COMEY’S
STRONGLY TO JIM COMEY’S DETAILING OF THE CLINTON
DETAILING OF THE CLINTON EVIDENCE IN PUBLIC, BUT CLINTON
EVIDENCE IN PUBLIC, BUT CLINTON IS NOT PRESIDENT TRUMP.
IS NOT PRESIDENT TRUMP. WE KNOW THAT THAT DISTINCTION IS
WE KNOW THAT THAT DISTINCTION IS TRUMP IS UNIQUE, BECAUSE UNLIKE
TRUMP IS UNIQUE, BECAUSE UNLIKE ANY OTHER INDIVIDUAL IN OUR
ANY OTHER INDIVIDUAL IN OUR SOCIETY, HE CAN’T BE INDICTED
SOCIETY, HE CAN’T BE INDICTED WHILE HE IS PRESIDENT.
WHILE HE IS PRESIDENT. SO THE NORMAL RULES JUST CAN’T
SO THE NORMAL RULES JUST CAN’T APPLY.
APPLY. >> DAVID, WE’RE NOW IN THIS
>> DAVID, WE’RE NOW IN THIS INTERESTING PERIOD OF A KIND OF
INTERESTING PERIOD OF A KIND OF AN END GAME BECAUSE I DON’T
AN END GAME BECAUSE I DON’T THINK THAT BILL BARR COULD COME
THINK THAT BILL BARR COULD COME OUT ON FRIDAY AND SAY, WELL, THE
OUT ON FRIDAY AND SAY, WELL, THE MUELLER REPORT IS NOT COMING OUT
MUELLER REPORT IS NOT COMING OUT THIS WEEK, UNLESS HE HAD SOME
THIS WEEK, UNLESS HE HAD SOME IDEA OF WHEN IT WOULD COME OUT.
IDEA OF WHEN IT WOULD COME OUT. THAT’S NOT A STATEMENT YOU WOULD
THAT’S NOT A STATEMENT YOU WOULD MAKE IF YOU WERE A YEAR AWAY
MAKE IF YOU WERE A YEAR AWAY FROM IT COMING OUT WITH ALL THE
FROM IT COMING OUT WITH ALL THE OPEN INVESTIGATIVE LEADS THAT
OPEN INVESTIGATIVE LEADS THAT WOULD IMPLY.
WOULD IMPLY. SO WE’RE IN THIS INTERESTING END
SO WE’RE IN THIS INTERESTING END GAME, AND EVERYONE IS THINKING
GAME, AND EVERYONE IS THINKING WHOSE GOING TO DO WHAT.
WHOSE GOING TO DO WHAT. KEN STARR, WHO IS THE PRECEDENT
KEN STARR, WHO IS THE PRECEDENT WE WERE TALKING ABOUT BEFORE
WE WERE TALKING ABOUT BEFORE CAME ON "THE BEAT" AND TALKED
CAME ON "THE BEAT" AND TALKED ABOUT WHY HE THINKS IT’S GOOD TO
ABOUT WHY HE THINKS IT’S GOOD TO TALK, WHICH WOULD MEAN MORE FROM
TALK, WHICH WOULD MEAN MORE FROM MUELLER SOON.
MUELLER SOON. TAKE A LOOK AT THAT.
TAKE A LOOK AT THAT. >> WAS YOUR MORE PUBLIC STRATEGY
>> WAS YOUR MORE PUBLIC STRATEGY BETTER THAN MUELLER’S, OR IS HE
BETTER THAN MUELLER’S, OR IS HE RIGHT TO BE SO DISCREET ON THIS
RIGHT TO BE SO DISCREET ON THIS PROBE?
PROBE? >> IT’S A JUDGMENT CALL.
>> IT’S A JUDGMENT CALL. I DON’T THINK IT’S RIGHT OR
I DON’T THINK IT’S RIGHT OR WRONG.
WRONG. >> WHAT’S THE BETTER COURSE?
>> WHAT’S THE BETTER COURSE? >> I THINK THE BETTER COURSE IS
>> I THINK THE BETTER COURSE IS GREATER PUBLIC INFORMATION THAN
GREATER PUBLIC INFORMATION THAN WE HAVE BEEN HAVING.
WE HAVE BEEN HAVING. BUT THAT’S BOB MUELLER’S
BUT THAT’S BOB MUELLER’S DETERMINATION, AND HAVE I THE
DETERMINATION, AND HAVE I THE GREATEST RESPECT FOR THAT
GREATEST RESPECT FOR THAT DETERMINATION AS WELL AS FOR HIM
DETERMINATION AS WELL AS FOR HIM AS A PERSON.
AS A PERSON. >> DAVID?
>> DAVID? >> SPECIAL PROSECUTORS SEEK
>> SPECIAL PROSECUTORS SEEK PROSECUTABLE OFFENSES.
PROSECUTABLE OFFENSES. THIS IS A DRUM I’VE BEEN BANGING
THIS IS A DRUM I’VE BEEN BANGING SINCE EARLY IN 2017.
SINCE EARLY IN 2017. THERE IS A REAL RISK IN THIS
THERE IS A REAL RISK IN THIS HIGHLY LEGALISTIC CULTURE THAT
HIGHLY LEGALISTIC CULTURE THAT WE LOOK TO BOB MUELLER TO DO
WE LOOK TO BOB MUELLER TO DO THINGS THAT IS REALLY UP TO
THINGS THAT IS REALLY UP TO CONGRESS TO DO.
CONGRESS TO DO. YOU KNOW, IT’S NOT A CRIME TO
YOU KNOW, IT’S NOT A CRIME TO HAVE A LOT OF GAMBLING DEBTS OR
HAVE A LOT OF GAMBLING DEBTS OR TO OWE A LOT OF MONEY TO SHADY
TO OWE A LOT OF MONEY TO SHADY BANKS.
BANKS. THOSE THINGS AREN’T ILLEGAL.
THOSE THINGS AREN’T ILLEGAL. BUT YOU WOULDN’T GIVE SOMEBODY A
BUT YOU WOULDN’T GIVE SOMEBODY A SECURITY CLEARANCE IF THOSE
SECURITY CLEARANCE IF THOSE THINGS WERE TRUE OF THEM.
THINGS WERE TRUE OF THEM. WHAT WE MAY FIND AND WHAT I HAVE
WHAT WE MAY FIND AND WHAT I HAVE BEEN WARNING FOR NOW CLOSE TO
BEEN WARNING FOR NOW CLOSE TO TWO YEARS IS THAT WE WILL FIND
TWO YEARS IS THAT WE WILL FIND THAT THERE IS A NEXUS OF
THAT THERE IS A NEXUS OF CONNECTION BETWEEN DONALD TRUMP
CONNECTION BETWEEN DONALD TRUMP AND HIS FAMILY AND RUSSIAN
AND HIS FAMILY AND RUSSIAN INTERESTS THAT FOR ANY OTHER
INTERESTS THAT FOR ANY OTHER PERSON WOULD DISQUALIFY THEM
PERSON WOULD DISQUALIFY THEM FROM HOLDING A POSITION OF
FROM HOLDING A POSITION OF TRUST, BUT THAT MAY NOT RISE TO
TRUST, BUT THAT MAY NOT RISE TO THE LEVEL OF ACTUALLY BEING
THE LEVEL OF ACTUALLY BEING ILLEGAL BECAUSE THE LAWS WERE
ILLEGAL BECAUSE THE LAWS WERE NOT WRITTEN FOR PRESIDENTS WHO
NOT WRITTEN FOR PRESIDENTS WHO SKIRT THE LAW.
SKIRT THE LAW. THE LAWS WERE WRITTEN ON THE
THE LAWS WERE WRITTEN ON THE ASSUMPTION THAT PRESIDENTS WANT
ASSUMPTION THAT PRESIDENTS WANT TO OBEY THE LAW AND BE
TO OBEY THE LAW AND BE HONORABLE.
HONORABLE. I WELCOME CONGRESS COMING IN,
I WELCOME CONGRESS COMING IN, BECAUSE WE HAVE A POLITICAL
BECAUSE WE HAVE A POLITICAL DETERMINATION TO MAKE THAT
DETERMINATION TO MAKE THAT MUELLER BE THE FIRST STEP TO.
MUELLER BE THE FIRST STEP TO. WE’RE NOT AT AN END GAME.
WE’RE NOT AT AN END GAME. WE’RE AT THE BEGINNING OF THE
WE’RE AT THE BEGINNING OF THE GAME.
GAME. WE’RE GOING TO FIND OUT WHAT
WE’RE GOING TO FIND OUT WHAT CRIMES, IF ANY WERE COMMITTED.
CRIMES, IF ANY WERE COMMITTED. WE HAVE SECURITY CONSIDERATIONS
WE HAVE SECURITY CONSIDERATIONS THAT ARE BIGGER THAN ANY CRIME.
THAT ARE BIGGER THAN ANY CRIME. >> WHEN YOU PUT IT LIKE, THAT I
>> WHEN YOU PUT IT LIKE, THAT I THINK YOU RAISE SUCH AN
THINK YOU RAISE SUCH AN IMPORTANT POINT.
IMPORTANT POINT. I THINK VIEWERS KNOW EXACTLY
I THINK VIEWERS KNOW EXACTLY WHAT YOU’RE TALKING ABOUT
WHAT YOU’RE TALKING ABOUT BECAUSE THE NOTION THAT SOMEONE
BECAUSE THE NOTION THAT SOMEONE COMMITTED FELONY ACTS IS
COMMITTED FELONY ACTS IS DIFFERENT FROM WHETHER THEY ARE
DIFFERENT FROM WHETHER THEY ARE A CLEAR AND PRESENT DANGER WITH
A CLEAR AND PRESENT DANGER WITH THE POWER THAT THEY HAVE.
THE POWER THAT THEY HAVE. YOU CAN ROUGHLY ANALOGYIZE TO
YOU CAN ROUGHLY ANALOGYIZE TO WHEN INVESTIGATORS SOMETIMES
WHEN INVESTIGATORS SOMETIMES FIND OUT INFORMATION THAT MIGHT
FIND OUT INFORMATION THAT MIGHT NOT BE CHARGEABLE YET, BUT POSES
NOT BE CHARGEABLE YET, BUT POSES THE KIND OF THREAT THAT THEY
THE KIND OF THREAT THAT THEY CALL IN AND OCTOBER ON.
CALL IN AND OCTOBER ON. THIS IS VERY DIFFERENT IF THE
THIS IS VERY DIFFERENT IF THE THREAT, AS ANDY McCABE ARGUED IS
THREAT, AS ANDY McCABE ARGUED IS COMING FROM INSIDE THE
COMING FROM INSIDE THE GOVERNMENT, INSIDE THE WHITE
GOVERNMENT, INSIDE THE WHITE HOUSE, AND THAT HASN’T BEEN
HOUSE, AND THAT HASN’T BEEN PROVEN YET.
PROVEN YET. BUT THEN WALK US THROUGH, DAVID,
BUT THEN WALK US THROUGH, DAVID, HOW THAT WOULD WORK IN THE EYES
HOW THAT WOULD WORK IN THE EYES OF BOB MUELLER, THAT HE WOULD
OF BOB MUELLER, THAT HE WOULD FIND SOMETHING THAT WAS BAD
FIND SOMETHING THAT WAS BAD ENOUGH THAT WASN’T CHARGEABLE.
ENOUGH THAT WASN’T CHARGEABLE. HOW WOULD HE WANT TO GET TO IT
HOW WOULD HE WANT TO GET TO IT THE HOUSE?
THE HOUSE? >> AGAIN, I’VE BEEN WASHING THIS
>> AGAIN, I’VE BEEN WASHING THIS FOR TWO YEARS.
FOR TWO YEARS. BOB MUELLER BEING SUCH A BY THE
BOB MUELLER BEING SUCH A BY THE BOOK PERSON AND DOING THE RIGHT
BOOK PERSON AND DOING THE RIGHT THING AS A PROSECUTOR.
THING AS A PROSECUTOR. IF A PROSECUTOR COMES ACROSS
IF A PROSECUTOR COMES ACROSS SOMETHING THAT IS NOT A CRIME
SOMETHING THAT IS NOT A CRIME BUT JUST DISCOVERS SOMETHING
BUT JUST DISCOVERS SOMETHING DAMAGING OR SOMETHING THAT WOULD
DAMAGING OR SOMETHING THAT WOULD SHOW YOU TO BE A PERSON UNWORTHY
SHOW YOU TO BE A PERSON UNWORTHY OF TRUST, IT’S THE PROSECUTOR’S
OF TRUST, IT’S THE PROSECUTOR’S DUTY TO HELP YOU KEEP IT SECRET
DUTY TO HELP YOU KEEP IT SECRET BECAUSE YOU HAVEN’T BROKEN THE
BECAUSE YOU HAVEN’T BROKEN THE LAW.
LAW. THE POWERS OF A PROSECUTOR ARE
THE POWERS OF A PROSECUTOR ARE SO AWESOME.
SO AWESOME. BUT THE THE PROSECUTOR HAS
BUT THE THE PROSECUTOR HAS DISCOVERED THINGS THAT ARE
DISCOVERED THINGS THAT ARE RELEVANT TO THE QUESTION OF DOES
RELEVANT TO THE QUESTION OF DOES DONALD TRUMP HAVE OBLIGATIONS TO
DONALD TRUMP HAVE OBLIGATIONS TO RUSSIA, THAT EVEN KNOW CRIMINAL,
RUSSIA, THAT EVEN KNOW CRIMINAL, SHOULD CONCERN AMERICANS THAT
SHOULD CONCERN AMERICANS THAT THE SECURITY OF THE COUNTRY IS
THE SECURITY OF THE COUNTRY IS NOT GOO N GOOD HARNGSDSNDS, WE’V
NOT GOO N GOOD HARNGSDSNDS, WE’V WELCOMED, CONGRESS LET BOB
WELCOMED, CONGRESS LET BOB MULEDOER EVERYTHING.
MULEDOER EVERYTHING. BUT WITH MORE RESPONSIBLE HANDS
BUT WITH MORE RESPONSIBLE HANDS IN CONGRESS, NOW CONGRESS NEEDS
IN CONGRESS, NOW CONGRESS NEEDS TO STEP IN AND NOT DELEGATE THIS
TO STEP IN AND NOT DELEGATE THIS WHOLE JOB TO BOB MUELLER.
WHOLE JOB TO BOB MUELLER. >> HANG WITH ME.
>> HANG WITH ME. I WANT TO BRING IN COLORADO
I WANT TO BRING IN COLORADO CONGRESSMAN JOE NAGUZ WHO HAD
CONGRESSMAN JOE NAGUZ WHO HAD KEN STARR COME AND ADDRESS IT,
KEN STARR COME AND ADDRESS IT, SOME OF THE HISTORICAL ARCHIVE
SOME OF THE HISTORICAL ARCHIVE THAT WE JUST PLAYED WHICH ADDED
THAT WE JUST PLAYED WHICH ADDED TO THE PUBLIC’S UNDERSTANDING.
TO THE PUBLIC’S UNDERSTANDING. CAN YOU SAY TONIGHT THAT YOU
CAN YOU SAY TONIGHT THAT YOU DEFINITELY WANT THAT TO HAPPEN
DEFINITELY WANT THAT TO HAPPEN WITH BOB MUELLER NO MATTER WHAT,
WITH BOB MUELLER NO MATTER WHAT, OR THAT DECISION ON YOUR
OR THAT DECISION ON YOUR DEMOCRATIC COMMITTEE SIDE HAS
DEMOCRATIC COMMITTEE SIDE HAS YET TO BE MADE?
YET TO BE MADE? >> WELL, LOOK, ARI, FIRST, THIS,
>> WELL, LOOK, ARI, FIRST, THIS, FOR HAVING ME.
FOR HAVING ME. >> SURE.
>> SURE. >> I AGREE WITH DAVID’S POINT, I
>> I AGREE WITH DAVID’S POINT, I DON’T THINK WE’RE AT THE END
DON’T THINK WE’RE AT THE END GAME.
GAME. I THINK WE’RE AT THE BEGINNING.
I THINK WE’RE AT THE BEGINNING. IT’S IMPORTANT FOR CONGRESS TO
IT’S IMPORTANT FOR CONGRESS TO REASSERT ITS OVERSIGHT
REASSERT ITS OVERSIGHT RESPONSIBILITIES.
RESPONSIBILITIES. FOR ME, I AGREE WITH CHAIRMAN
FOR ME, I AGREE WITH CHAIRMAN SCHIFF AND THE OTHER FOUR
SCHIFF AND THE OTHER FOUR CHAIRMAN WHO HAVE ESSENTIALLY
CHAIRMAN WHO HAVE ESSENTIALLY TOLD THE ATTORNEY GENERAL HE HAS
TOLD THE ATTORNEY GENERAL HE HAS AN OBLIGATION TO MAKE THE
AN OBLIGATION TO MAKE THE MUELLER REPORT PUBLIC AND HE HAS
MUELLER REPORT PUBLIC AND HE HAS AN OBLIGATION TO TRANSMIT TOES
AN OBLIGATION TO TRANSMIT TOES FINDINGS TO CONGRESS.
FINDINGS TO CONGRESS. TO THE EXTENT HE DOES NOT DO
TO THE EXTENT HE DOES NOT DO THAT, WE SHOULD SUBPOENA THE
THAT, WE SHOULD SUBPOENA THE REPORT AND YES, THE SPECIAL
REPORT AND YES, THE SPECIAL COUNSEL TO COME BEFORE THE
COUNSEL TO COME BEFORE THE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE TO TESTIFY
JUDICIARY COMMITTEE TO TESTIFY IN FRONT OF THE PEOPLE’S HOUSE
IN FRONT OF THE PEOPLE’S HOUSE AND ULTIMATELY TELL THE AMERICAN
AND ULTIMATELY TELL THE AMERICAN PEOPLE HIS FINDINGS AND THE
PEOPLE HIS FINDINGS AND THE EVIDENCE THAT HE HAS GLEANED.
EVIDENCE THAT HE HAS GLEANED. >> SO YOU’RE IN A POSITION MOST
>> SO YOU’RE IN A POSITION MOST OF US HAVE NOT, WHICH MAKES IT
OF US HAVE NOT, WHICH MAKES IT EXTRA INTERESTING.
EXTRA INTERESTING. IF YOU DID HAVE MULER THERE,
IF YOU DID HAVE MULER THERE, WHAT WOULD YOU ASK HIM?
WHAT WOULD YOU ASK HIM? >> I DON’T WANT TO PREJUDGE THE
>> I DON’T WANT TO PREJUDGE THE OUTCOME, ARI THERE ARE A NUMBER
OUTCOME, ARI THERE ARE A NUMBER OF QUESTIONS I’D LIKE TO ASK
OF QUESTIONS I’D LIKE TO ASK HIM.
HIM. >> BUT CONGRESSMAN, THAT’S WHAT
>> BUT CONGRESSMAN, THAT’S WHAT WE WANT.
WE WANT. WE JUST WANT A HINT.
WE JUST WANT A HINT. DON’T YOU THINK MUELLER HEARINGS
DON’T YOU THINK MUELLER HEARINGS WOULD BE OF WIDE INTEREST TO THE
WOULD BE OF WIDE INTEREST TO THE AMERICAN PUBLIC?
AMERICAN PUBLIC? >> I THINK THEY WOULD.
>> I THINK THEY WOULD. YOU SAID IT BEST.
YOU SAID IT BEST. 37 INDICTMENTS, 7 GUILTY PLEAS.
37 INDICTMENTS, 7 GUILTY PLEAS. CLEARLY THIS INVESTIGATION IS A
CLEARLY THIS INVESTIGATION IS A SERIOUS IMPORTANCE TO THE
SERIOUS IMPORTANCE TO THE AMERICAN PUBLIC AND
AMERICAN PUBLIC AND FUNDAMENTALLY I’M GOING TO TURN
FUNDAMENTALLY I’M GOING TO TURN IN, ARE YOU, ARI TO OUR RULE OF
IN, ARE YOU, ARI TO OUR RULE OF LAW IN THE UNITED STATES THERE
LAW IN THE UNITED STATES THERE ARE A LITANY OF QUESTIONS THAT I
ARE A LITANY OF QUESTIONS THAT I THINK CONGRESS BE PREPARED TO
THINK CONGRESS BE PREPARED TO ASK AND WOULD WANT TO ASK OF
ASK AND WOULD WANT TO ASK OF HIM.
HIM. AGAIN MIX, HOPE IS AT THE END OF
AGAIN MIX, HOPE IS AT THE END OF THE DAY THAT THE ATTORNEY
THE DAY THAT THE ATTORNEY GENERAL WILL LISTEN TO THE
GENERAL WILL LISTEN TO THE AMERICAN PUBLIC AND TO THE FIVE
AMERICAN PUBLIC AND TO THE FIVE HOUSE COMMITTEE CHAIRMAN THAT
HOUSE COMMITTEE CHAIRMAN THAT HAVE COMMUNICATED TO HIM TO SAY
HAVE COMMUNICATED TO HIM TO SAY LISTEN, AT THE END OF THE DAY,
LISTEN, AT THE END OF THE DAY, THIS REPORT NEEDS TO BE PUBLIC.
THIS REPORT NEEDS TO BE PUBLIC. LET’S CROSS THAT BRIDGE WHEN WE
LET’S CROSS THAT BRIDGE WHEN WE GET THERE, SO TO SPEAK.
GET THERE, SO TO SPEAK. >> CONGRESSMAN, STAY WITH ME.
>> CONGRESSMAN, STAY WITH ME. DAVID, I WANTED TO SHOW YOU ONE
DAVID, I WANTED TO SHOW YOU ONE OTHER PIECE OF REPORTING FOR
OTHER PIECE OF REPORTING FOR "THE NEW YORK TIMES" AND THEIR
"THE NEW YORK TIMES" AND THEIR REPORT ON EVIDENCE OF
REPORT ON EVIDENCE OF OBSTRUCTION.
OBSTRUCTION. THEY ALSO SHOW DONALD TRUMP HAD
THEY ALSO SHOW DONALD TRUMP HAD BEEN ATTACKING THE PROBE IN ALL
BEEN ATTACKING THE PROBE IN ALL SORTS OF DIFFERENT WAYS.
SORTS OF DIFFERENT WAYS. AND YOU GO UP THERE TO AROUND
AND YOU GO UP THERE TO AROUND THE MANAFORT CONVICTION, AND
THE MANAFORT CONVICTION, AND THAT WHERE WAS HE PEAKED.
THAT WHERE WAS HE PEAKED. THIS IS NOT JUST TWEET, BUT ALL
THIS IS NOT JUST TWEET, BUT ALL PUBLIC STATEMENTS.
PUBLIC STATEMENTS. BUT RECENTLY THIS YEAR IT HAS
BUT RECENTLY THIS YEAR IT HAS DROPPED A LOT, AND DONALD TRUMP
DROPPED A LOT, AND DONALD TRUMP IS A MAN OF ANY GIVEN OR NEWS
IS A MAN OF ANY GIVEN OR NEWS CYCLE, DAVID.
CYCLE, DAVID. THERE ARE PEOPLE WHO VIEWED THAT
THERE ARE PEOPLE WHO VIEWED THAT "NEW YORK TIMES" REPORT AS AN
"NEW YORK TIMES" REPORT AS AN INDICATION THAT RIGHT OR WRONG
INDICATION THAT RIGHT OR WRONG IN THE LAST MONTH OR TWO HE HAS
IN THE LAST MONTH OR TWO HE HAS GOTTEN IT IN HIS HEAD THAT MAYBE
GOTTEN IT IN HIS HEAD THAT MAYBE HE IS IN THE CLEAR.
HE IS IN THE CLEAR. >> OR MAYBE HE IS DOING
>> OR MAYBE HE IS DOING SOMETHING ELSE, HAS BUMPED UP
SOMETHING ELSE, HAS BUMPED UP AGAINST SOME LIMITS.
AGAINST SOME LIMITS. THE STORY OF THE PAST TWO YEARS
THE STORY OF THE PAST TWO YEARS HAS BEEN THE AMERICAN LEGAL
HAS BEEN THE AMERICAN LEGAL SYSTEM HAS PROVED ITSELF QUITE
SYSTEM HAS PROVED ITSELF QUITE ROBUST TO PRESIDENT TRUMP’S
ROBUST TO PRESIDENT TRUMP’S ATTACKS.
ATTACKS. BUT UNFORTUNATELY THE ELECTED
BUT UNFORTUNATELY THE ELECTED BODIES LIKE THE OLD HOUSE OF
BODIES LIKE THE OLD HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES AND THE PRESENT
REPRESENTATIVES AND THE PRESENT SENATE HAVE BEEN VERY WILLING TO
SENATE HAVE BEEN VERY WILLING TO PROTECT THE PRESIDENT.
PROTECT THE PRESIDENT. THIS IS WHERE I WELCOME SO MUCH
THIS IS WHERE I WELCOME SO MUCH THE CONGRESSMAN’S INTERVENTION.
THE CONGRESSMAN’S INTERVENTION. LOOK, IF RUSSIA SAVED DONALD
LOOK, IF RUSSIA SAVED DONALD TRUMP FROM FINANCIAL RUIN AT
TRUMP FROM FINANCIAL RUIN AT VARIOUS POINTS ALONG THE WAY,
VARIOUS POINTS ALONG THE WAY, THAT’S NOT NECESSARILY A CRIME.
THAT’S NOT NECESSARILY A CRIME. THEY MIGHT HAVE VIOLATED A
THEY MIGHT HAVE VIOLATED A MONEYLAUNDERING STATUTE.
MONEYLAUNDERING STATUTE. BUT ASSUMING THEY COMPLIED WITH
BUT ASSUMING THEY COMPLIED WITH ALL THE TECHNICALITIES, THE FACT
ALL THE TECHNICALITIES, THE FACT THAT HE OWES THEM EVERYTHING,
THAT HE OWES THEM EVERYTHING, THAT’S INTERESTING.
THAT’S INTERESTING. >> I’M SURE YOU WOULD SAY THAT
>> I’M SURE YOU WOULD SAY THAT ALONE IS A HIGH CRIME THAT IS
ALONE IS A HIGH CRIME THAT IS IMPEACHABLE.
IMPEACHABLE. BUT IF THE DEBT IS STILL THERE
BUT IF THE DEBT IS STILL THERE AND HIDDEN ALL THIS TIME, YOU
AND HIDDEN ALL THIS TIME, YOU CERTAINLY WOULD HAVE SECURITY
CERTAINLY WOULD HAVE SECURITY CONCERNS ABOUT ANY PRESIDENT IN
CONCERNS ABOUT ANY PRESIDENT IN THAT SITUATION.
THAT SITUATION. >> I THINK WE WOULD TRUST THE
>> I THINK WE WOULD TRUST THE VERY CAPABLE COUNSEL THAT WE
VERY CAPABLE COUNSEL THAT WE HAVE RETAINED AND THE FOLKS THAT
HAVE RETAINED AND THE FOLKS THAT ARE ON THE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE
ARE ON THE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE STAFF IN TERMS OF JUDGING
STAFF IN TERMS OF JUDGING CRIMINALITY AND SO FORTH.
CRIMINALITY AND SO FORTH. >> CONGRESSMAN, YOU JUST TOLD US
>> CONGRESSMAN, YOU JUST TOLD US YOU’RE A LAWYER.
YOU’RE A LAWYER. WHAT DO YOU NEED A LAWYER FOR?
WHAT DO YOU NEED A LAWYER FOR? >> LOOK, I’LL SAY THIS.
>> LOOK, I’LL SAY THIS. THIS GOES BACK TO THE POINT THAT
THIS GOES BACK TO THE POINT THAT JOYCE MADE IN TERMS OF GETTING
JOYCE MADE IN TERMS OF GETTING THIS REPORT OUT INTO THE PUBLIC
THIS REPORT OUT INTO THE PUBLIC SQUARE.
SQUARE. BECAUSE OF THE DIXON MEMO BACK
BECAUSE OF THE DIXON MEMO BACK IN THE WATERGATE ERA THAT
IN THE WATERGATE ERA THAT ESSENTIALLY INTIMATES A
ESSENTIALLY INTIMATES A PRESIDENT CANNOT BE INDICTED, IT
PRESIDENT CANNOT BE INDICTED, IT MAKES DISCLOSURE OF THE REPORT
MAKES DISCLOSURE OF THE REPORT OF THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S REPORT
OF THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S REPORT AND OF THE EVIDENCE UNDERLYING
AND OF THE EVIDENCE UNDERLYING THAT REPORT THAT MUCH MORE
THAT REPORT THAT MUCH MORE IMPORTANT.
IMPORTANT. I THINK WE’RE IN VERY UNIQUE
I THINK WE’RE IN VERY UNIQUE TERRITORY HERE, AND I CAN’T
TERRITORY HERE, AND I CAN’T BELANE THEY’RE POINT ENOUGH.
BELANE THEY’RE POINT ENOUGH. I DON’T WANT TO JUDGE THE
I DON’T WANT TO JUDGE THE OUTCOME BEFORE WE HAVE A CHANCE
OUTCOME BEFORE WE HAVE A CHANCE TO DO THAT.
TO DO THAT. >> SURE.
>> SURE. I THINK YOU RAISE AN IMPORTANT
I THINK YOU RAISE AN IMPORTANT POINT AND THAT’S WHAT JOYCE AND
POINT AND THAT’S WHAT JOYCE AND SOME OF OUR OTHER EXPERT
SOME OF OUR OTHER EXPERT SCHOLARS HAVE BEEN SAYING THAT
SCHOLARS HAVE BEEN SAYING THAT YES, IT’S NOT LAW, BUT IT’S DOJ
YES, IT’S NOT LAW, BUT IT’S DOJ GUIDANCE THAT YOU CAN’T DO THIS
GUIDANCE THAT YOU CAN’T DO THIS INDICTMENT.
INDICTMENT. BUT IF THAT’S THE CASE, THAT
BUT IF THAT’S THE CASE, THAT WOULD SEEM TO CREATE AN
WOULD SEEM TO CREATE AN EXCEPTION FROM THE IDEA THAT YOU
EXCEPTION FROM THE IDEA THAT YOU NORMALLY DON’T RELEASE
NORMALLY DON’T RELEASE INFORMATION, BECAUSE OTHERWISE